[clicking, squishing]
-♪ My analyst told me
-♪ What?
♪ That I was
right out of my head ♪
-♪ The way he described it
-♪ How?
♪ He said I'd be
better dead than live ♪
♪ I didn't listen to his jive
♪ I knew all along
he was all wrong ♪
♪ And I knew that he thought
-♪ What?
-♪ I was crazy,
but I'm not, oh, no ♪
-♪ Oh, no
-♪ My analyst told me
-♪ What?
-♪ That I was
right out of my head ♪
-♪ But I said, dear doctor
-♪ Yeah?
♪ I think that
it's you instead ♪
♪ 'Cause I have got a thing
that's unique and new ♪
-[whistling]
-♪ It proves that I'll have
♪ The last laugh on you
-♪ 'Cause instead of one head
-♪ One head?
[laughs]
♪ I got two
♪ And you know two heads
are better than one. ♪
Hello, dearie. Just popping in
to see the good doctor.
[sighs]
Dr. Harvard.
Nurse Mayflower herself.
I'm just here
with some early ho, ho, ho.
Uh, Miss Mayflower, uh,
now is not the best...
The macaroon, you said.
Now, I thought it was
a French cookie,
-but not so, it turns out.
-Ah...
Italian in origin.
Born, like all divinities,
from the monastery.
Chocolate, vanilla, strawberry.
I did try my hand at pistachio,
but the color alone
was a wave off.
[chuckles]
Miss Mayflower, this is--
as I expressed in your
interview-- hardly necessary.
Not to mention I've just
consumed a large lunch.
Oh, come now.
You have to try one.
We are but human, after all,
prone to the whim and allure
of such sugary delights.
And besides, these delicate
creatures, they're meant
for the most refined palates,
such as your own.
So it really would be an honor.
[sighs]
ORAETTA:
Mmm.
Oh, vanilla. My favorite.
-[both chuckle]
-[sniffs]
And if it's not the best
macaroon you ever ate,
I'll hang up my apron.
-[laughs]: Mmm.
-Hmm?
-Hmm.
-See?
Mmm. [smacks lips]
Mmm. Extraordinary.
[chuckles]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[gasping]
[clattering]
[wheezing]
♪
[Harvard wheezing]
[shushes]
[wheezing]
[muttering softly]
"...died under
mysterious circumstances."
[high-pitched ringing]
[wheezing]
[screams]
Oh, my... Why, he...
P-Please, he needs help, please.
He's-he's collapsed.
GWENDOLYN:
Dr. Harvard.
-Dr. Harvard!
-I-I-I'm gonna call a doctor.
Dr. Harvard!
Shit.
That fucking mick.
I told you he was a rat.
He killed Mario,
choke your sister.
Sh-Shut up!
Hunt him down.
You alone.
Go to Loy's house,
kill Irish, kill the boy.
Kill everybody you have to.
What did you want
to do with him?
JOSTO:
Leave him for the birds.
LEON:
We should kill him now.
Kid.
Shit, I'll do it myself.
So keep him alive,
you're saying.
What?
Last I checked,
you couldn't cut a fart.
Boss.
-Shut up.
-They hit the Doctor.
-We got to...
-We got to what?
We kill the brother.
Then what,
Mr. I See Myself as Managerial?
-We kill the brother, then what?
-We go to war.
Well, how many men?
Positioned where?
First step, what?
Second step, what?
Attack or defend?
You really thought
you could get my boy shot
and grabbed up by the bulls
and I'd do what?
-What? I'd do nothing?
-Boss, that's not
how it happened.
What? What? No, no.
You the strategist.
What-What's the plan?
What? Shit your bed
up to the top?
Help me.
I told you.
You need me.
I got brains.
I ain't just muscle.
The Doctor's dead.
-We got...
-Say his name again!
-Boss...
[grunting]
Say his name. Say his name.
Say his name.
You say it! How dare you?
Say his name, say his name.
-Say his name. You say it!
-Hey, hey, hey. Enough.
-Enough, enough!
-What the fuck?!
-Hey, enough!
-What?!
Look, this is Happy's cousin.
Hey! We're gonna need Happy
if we're gonna win, man.
Hey! Loy.
Get him out of my sight.
[phone ringing]
Yeah.
All right.
Meet at my place at 3:00.
And, mister, you better believe
it's gonna cost you.
[muttering]
[muttering]: One little, two
little, three little Indians...
[continues muttering]
"O ye fair ones,
how could ye have departed
from the ways of the Lord?"
-What are you...
-Don't get ideas.
It's a fortress.
I checked.
Loy Cannon,
numbers runner out of New York.
Loan shark, racketeering.
He picks our suspects up
in his car a few days back,
takes them someplace.
Here, maybe.
I thought about pulling
a warrant, but...
a birdie told me
he owns some metro cops.
No secrets
in the Kansas City PD.
But you know all that.
Yeah.
Sure, I heard of him.
That's like Jonah
saying he heard
there's a big fish
out there somewhere.
See...
I was thinking my females
would take to the lam.
Turns out they're instead
getting back to work.
What do you say, cowboy?
Want to go in, guns blazing,
take 'em down together?
[sharp exhale]
I, uh... I...
Eh, relax.
They'd chew us up for sure.
And yet...
Are you familiar
with the blood atonement?
"And now, behold,
I speak unto the Church.
"Thou shalt not kill,
"and he that kills shall not
have forgiveness in this world,
"nor in the world to come.
"And again, I say,
thou shalt not kill,
but he that killeth shall die."
[stammers]
I ain't heard that one, no.
He talked about you, too.
Little birdie.
Said you fill your pockets,
just like the rest of 'em,
and fly your crooked line.
Is that true?
What'd you say to me?
No.
That's my trick.
You heard me just fine.
See, I can't help but think
you've been yanking my chain
for weeks now
'cause your bread is buttered
on the other side.
You know what you are?
You're a fucking curse.
-Language.
-You listen to me, slick.
If I knew where your Mormon God
was, I'd drive through the night
and I'd stab him
in the fucking eyes.
We're done.
If that's the way
you want to go.
[grunts]
But careful how many sides
you play, Palomino.
Even a gold coin's
only got two faces.
Get out.
Out!
[door closes]
[muttering]
[grunting]
BUEL:
So remember how last week
we talked about how syntax
is a set of rules that teaches
us how to make a sentence--
subject, verb,
object.
-Like this?
-[knocking]
Can I help you?
Good afternoon.
There's a guard, usually.
On the porch.
But not today.
How many kids in the house?
Get out of here.
Answer the question.
How about I got
a question for you.
-For me?
-Yeah.
You ever go to the zoo?
[laughs]
-Sometime.
-Hmm.
You see the mama lion
and her cubs?
You think she's in that cage
for her protection?
To be fair,
it's what we call
a rhetorical question.
Now get the fuck out of here.
Be careful with that.
♪
[indistinct chatter]
[clattering]
[door closes]
[laughter, clamoring]
Hello to you, too.
BANJO:
A few more.
You all right?
I have to go.
♪
Anybody home?
Come on, man,
you gonna help me or what?
All right, all right,
stop your crying.
♪
SATCHEL:
Marco.
MILLIGAN:
Polo.
SATCHEL:
Marco.
MILLIGAN:
Polo.
♪
[Gaetano laughing]
JOSTO:
Get out of my chair.
No.
Up.
You're weak. You're weak.
Do it.
Please. Do it.
Is there a problem?
Just you.
Leave the muscle.
Any surprises today?
What kind of surprises?
Nothing.
Visitors maybe,
surprise visitors.
No?
Okay, good.
Let's go inside.
If we're not out
in 30 minutes,
come in shooting.
[indistinct chatter]
♪
EBAL:
First, we recognize
things have gotten out of hand.
Our two families.
We recognize this
and, uh, we apologize.
You apologize?
Doctor Senator...
Don't... say his name.
He was a friend of mine.
His death
should not have happened.
But Gaetano Fadda
is the son of Donatello Fadda,
chosen by New York.
His death is not allowed.
Not allowed?
I'm simply telling you
how it is.
There are people you can kill.
People you can't.
Ah, well...
No.
I'm just saying,
-he's more animal than people.
-Hey.
Cain was Abel's brother.
Mr. Cannon.
We are prepared
to offer you a trade.
In exchange for the return
of Gaetano Fadda,
we will give you full control
of the slaughterhouses
on the east side
and the trucking routes
to Cleveland and Dallas.
Maybe I killed him already.
Your brother.
EBAL:
No.
If you killed him,
we wouldn't be here.
LOY:
Maybe I kill you, too.
JOSTO:
Sorry, that's...
Just thinking
about something else.
Go on-- maybe you kill us, too.
Let's say I take this deal.
Territory for the brother.
What then?
What happens to the brother?
You let him go,
he's on the next plane to Italy.
My hand to God.
It's what New York wants.
Eh...
Again, being honest,
New York doesn't really know
you've got him.
So... also, you didn't
tell him the other part.
The...
The other part.
I'm not gonna lie, brother.
It's been hard since Dad died.
I've been grieving,
and Gaetano, he took advantage.
Made some choices.
The death of your man.
The shot at Samuel.
LOY:
Lemuel.
Right, from the Bible.
But he wasn't alone,
my brother, he...
he had rats helping him.
Some-- Paolo--
you killed already.
But this other guy...
this other guy did something.
What do you mean?
Now, he's my guy,
so normally I'd say
this is for me to deal with.
But what he did--
the thing he did-- it's...
it's a sin.
A horror.
Boss.
JOSTO:
He killed your son.
He-he-he knew we were gonna make
a trade for Gaetano.
He lost his mind.
Satchel is dead.
-Merda.
-Listen to me.
We're here.
We didn't have to come.
News like this,
emotional news...
But we respect you.
We grieve with you.
Hmm?
It never should have happened.
Never.
And I know the rules.
A life for a life.
A-And you took my sweet little
Zero into your home
and-and treated him fair.
And I know we made a deal.
And you can kill him.
But I'm asking you.
I'm begging you.
Kill Gaetano instead.
A life for a life.
Show me.
The body.
I want to see the body.
I don't know where it is.
He took him somewhere.
Who took him?
Calamita.
He heard about the trade,
he-he went nuts.
Wait.
I want to talk to the rabbi.
That's what I'm trying to...
He fought for your boy.
Irish.
But he couldn't save him.
Now he's gone, too.
Boss.
They need to be dead.
[stamping feet]
SATCHEL:
No.
No. No!
Get out.
Boss, you can't...
You can't just let them
walk out like this, boss.
[echoes]:
Get out!
♪
LOY:
We love you.
And you're coming home.
SATCHEL:
When?
[stamping feet]
[stamping continues]
[stamping ends]
[Buel screaming]
♪
[leaves crunching]
You okay?
Daddy?
Does that boy sleep in my bed?
LOY:
He's got to sleep somewhere.
You studying your lessons?
He helps me.
LOY:
Good.
'Cause where we're going,
the smartest man wins.
Florida?
No.
To the top.
Now go play.
[leaves crunching]
Pull over.
What?
Stop the car.
♪
LEVNEY:
♪ High on the mountain, oh
♪ Wind blowing free
♪ Thinking about the way
it used to be ♪
♪ High on the mountain, oh
♪ Standing all alone
♪ Wondering where the years
of my life have flown ♪
♪ Oh, I wonder if
♪ You'll ever think of me
♪ Or if time has blotted out
your memory ♪
♪ As I listen to the breeze
♪ Blowing gently
through the trees ♪
♪ I'll always cherish
what you meant to me. ♪
♪ High on the mountain, oh
♪ Wind blowing free
♪ Thinking about the days
that used to be ♪
♪ High on the mountain
♪ Standing all alone
♪ Wondering where
♪ The years of my life
have flown ♪
♪ As I looked at the valleys
♪ Down below
♪ They were green
♪ Just as far as I could see
♪ As my memory turned
♪ Oh, how my heart did yearn
♪ For you and the days
♪ That used to be
♪ High on the mountain, oh
♪ Standing all alone
♪ Wondering where the years
♪ Of my life have flown.
OPAL:
Laundry day?
[grunts]
Anyone ever tell you not
to sneak up on a police officer?
Got to even the odds somehow.
Get in the car.
See, there you go again.
I don't get in your car.
You get in mine.
Cool with me.
What? No.
No...
No, I c... Captain called me
into the off...
I can't just...
[grunts]
[water dripping]
ODIS:
♪ One little, two little,
three little Indians ♪
♪ Four little, five little,
six little Indians ♪
♪ Seven little, eight little,
nine little Indians ♪
♪ Ten little Indian boys
♪ One little, two little,
three little Indians ♪
♪ Four little, five little,
six little Indians ♪
♪ Seven little, eight little,
nine little Indians ♪
♪ Ten little Indian boys.
[whispering]:
One little, two little,
three little Indians.
Four little, five little,
six little Indians.
SWANEE:
You're saying I'm like an onion
'cause I make you cry?
ZELMARE:
Nah. I'm saying
you're like an onion, girl,
'cause you got layers.
-SWANEE: Oh.
-Mm-hmm.
[Odis exhales sharply]
SWANEE [chuckling]:
What?
One little, two little,
three little Indians.
Four little, five little,
six little Indians.
Seven little, eight little,
nine little Indians.
Ten little Indian boys.
[exhales sharply]
He seems nervous.
Do we make you nervous, copper?
Hey, you know
you girls are wanted, right?
Silly boy.
That's what girls are.
Everybody wants us,
but we ain't to be had.
You're gonna get yourselves
killed staying here.
Got to die someplace.
[Odis exhales sharply]
How old are you?
Old as the hills.
[footsteps approaching]
Cover your ears.
What?
You're on the 10:00 train
to Philly tonight.
Don't come back.
Don't know no one in Philly.
[sighs]
Y'all got friendly faces.
You'll do just fine.
What if we want to stay
and mix it up a little?
Look, I'm trying
to do the right thing here.
This ain't your fight.
And I ain't gonna be the one
that gets you killed.
And what if we don't go?
You love your sister?
Mm.
It's been a sad parade.
[door closes]
Look, look, I...
I tried to get your boy.
I went to the house,
but they swept me up.
I didn't have a chance.
Elevate, don't denigrate.
That's what I tell 'em--
my kids.
What do you think
the Italians tell their kids?
I... I don't know.
Yeah, yeah, but you...
you see it, though, right?
What they're doing?
Call a man an animal,
keep him in the dirt.
But what if he don't grunt?
What if he don't honk?
What if he walks tall
and stays a man?
Come on.
You-you know what that is.
You boys do it all the time.
No, not me.
You get in the dirt yourself
and you show him
how to be an animal!
You show him how to hate,
you show him how to be cruel.
You kill his friends!
Murder his child.
Boss, I...
I didn't know. I...
They can't rise to our level,
so they got to drag us down
to theirs.
But it's a trap.
It's a trap,
'cause if I get in the dirt
like them...
...that means
they were right the whole time.
[Opal clears throat, sniffles]
See, Opal right here...
...he's kind of
an eye-for-an-eye type brother.
But he's not responsible
for this family.
Kill or be killed.
Win or lose.
It ain't complex.
You know what I think?
Every country has
its own type of criminal.
In America,
we got the confidence man.
Snake oil salesman, grifter.
He don't rob you as much as
trick you into robbing yourself.
See, 'cause in America,
people want to believe.
They got that dream.
And a dreamer, you can fleece.
Boss, I... I'm sorry.
I-I... I don't understand.
[muttering]
He wants me to kill his brother.
Josto.
But I ain't gonna do it.
What are you gonna do?
No.
What are we gonna do?
[Odis exhales softly]
[Gaetano sighs]
[coughing]
[door opens]
[Gaetano groaning]
This thing is done.
Your brother gave me
the stockyards, the trucking.
Equal partners.
If...
...I kill you.
You don't like that?
Family is family.
[groans]
Maybe.
But nobody in my family's
trying to kill me.
Enough talking.
If you're going to kill me,
kill me.
[Gaetano panting]
Nah.
Let him go.
What?
Tell your brother
the stockyards are ours now.
[grunts]
[panting]
OMIE:
See you in the funny papers.
[exhales]
[grunts]
You're on the road.
I want that Calamita dead.
You hear me?
Already done.
He just ain't lying down yet.
Sure hope you know
what you're doing.
MAN:
Now I get it.
[rooster crows]